feat: set urgency on linux notifications (#20152)
electron/electron: docs/api/notification.md

A `Boolean` property representing whether the notification has a reply action.

#### `notification.urgency` _Linux_

A `String` property representing the urgency level of the notification. Can be 'normal', 'critical', or 'low'.

> Default is 'low' - see [NotifyUrgency](https://developer.gnome.org/libnotify/unstable/NotifyNotification.html#notify-notification-set-urgency) for more information.

Reviewer: Slightly preferable to link to the reference spec rather than the implementation docs

```suggestion
Default is 'low' - see [NotifyUrgency]( https://developer.gnome.org/notification-spec/#urgency-levels) for more information.
```
